results announcement (#85)
SyneRBI/PETRIC2: README.md

[![website](https://img.shields.io/badge/announcement-website-purple?logo=workplace&logoColor=white)](https://www.ccpsynerbi.ac.uk/events/petric2/)
[![wiki](https://img.shields.io/badge/details-wiki-blue?logo=googledocs&logoColor=white)][wiki]
[![leaderboard](https://img.shields.io/badge/results-leaderboard-orange?logo=ticktick&logoColor=white)][leaderboard]
[![discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-discord-blue?logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/Ayd72Aa4ry)

## Participating

PETRIC 2 has now concluded. Please check out the  [awards-and-results](https://github.com/SyneRBI/PETRIC2/wiki/Awards-and-results)!

> Recordings of the PETRIC 2 winners' presentations are available on [https://www.ccpsynerbi.ac.uk/petric2-airbi](https://www.ccpsynerbi.ac.uk/petric2-airbi)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recordings of the PETRIC 2 winners' presentations will be (are?) available on [https://www.ccpsynerbi.ac.uk/petric2-airbi](https://www.ccpsynerbi.ac.uk/petric2-airbi)
```

> Recordings of the PETRIC 2 winners' presentations will be (are?) available on [https://www.ccpsynerbi.ac.uk/petric2-airbi](https://www.ccpsynerbi.ac.uk/petric2-airbi)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recordings of the PETRIC 2 winners' presentations will be (are?) available on [https://www.ccpsynerbi.ac.uk/petric2-winners](https://www.ccpsynerbi.ac.uk/petric2-winnersi)
```

> Recordings of the PETRIC 2 winners' presentations will be (are?) available on [https://www.ccpsynerbi.ac.uk/petric2-winners](https://www.ccpsynerbi.ac.uk/petric2-winnersi)

Author: FYI fixed this typo directly on `main` (since it's already merged)
